Hej och välkomna till
introduktion till Kerbero.
Oh, I'm just kidding.
I'm not going to encrypt this in Swedish,
but I'm going to talk about encryption.
And this is an introduction to Kerbero.
My name is Love Hornquist Astrand,
and I'm a security engineer.
So I'm going to start to
talk about what Kerbero is,
and what it is,
and why you want to use Kerbero,
and where Kerbero is found today,
and what systems are out there.
Also, I'm going to tell you
about how Kerbero is,
and how it works on the inside,
and how the ticket flies around.
And then some new features in
Leopard that are used in Kerbero.
Lastly,
I'm going to talk about how you add on
Kerbero support in your application.
So to understand what Kerbero is,
we're going to look at
the definition of Kerbero,
and we're going to take it
out of the O'Reilly book,
The Definite Guide to Kerbero.
And they have a very
nice definition there.
This Kerbero is a network authentication
protocol that provides a secure,
single sign-on, trusted, third-party,
mutual authentication service.
It's a little bit of a mouthful,
so let's break it down
to buzzword instead.
So we get authentication,
trusted third-party,
mutual authentication, single sign-on,
secure and protocol.
So let's go through all these words
and see what it actually means,
and take some examples out from both
the computer world and the real world,
how this all fit together and
how they relate to Kerbero.
So first, authentication.
Authentication is to prove your identity.
For example, when you go to a supermarket
and pay by a check,
you prove your identity by
showing your driver's license.
However, just by showing your driver's
license doesn't mean that you
are allowed to use the check,
and that's the second bullet.
Authentication is not authorization.
Just because you claim that you are a
person and you can prove it doesn't mean
that you're allowed to access all the
resources or what you wanted to get.
For example,
when you log into a file server,
you will only accept your files on
the file server or the groups that
you belong to on the file server,
but not all files on the file server.
Trusted Third Party.
Kerbero is a trusted
third party solution.
Authentication is done
through a central server.
In the case of a driver's license,
the trusted third party is DMV,
the party that issued the
driver's license to you.
In the computer world,
trusted third party can
be the certificate CAs.
But unlike the CA system
or certificate system,
Kerbero is using shared keys
instead of public and private keys.
So Kerbero is using symmetric crypto.
Kerbero is also providing
mutual authentication.
And it's two parts.
First, client is usually proving
the identity to the server.
This is usually what you think about
when you're talking about logins.
But you also want to prove that
the server proves identity to you.
You don't want to hand over your check to
some random person you find in the aisle.
You want to have the right look to them,
so you know that you're actually handing
over your money to the right person.
And the same thing in the computer world.
You don't want to act on data that
you got from some random server,
or you don't want to send up
some random data or your secret
data to a server that you trust.
So, when you SSH to a machine,
it will ask you for a public key,
and you need to verify
the fingerprint there,
and the second time it will remember it.
So this is the establishment
of the identity of the server,
and Kerbero has also
provided this functionality.
Single Sign On.
Kerbero allows you to log in in the
morning when you get to your work,
and then for about 10 hours, usually.
You can use all the
services in the system.
And it will single sign
on into the system,
so you never need to enter your
username or password again.
You will access all the resources.
So when you got here this Monday,
you showed your driver's
license or your passport,
and then you got your badge.
And the badge is a Single Sign On token.
And with the Single Sign On tokens,
it allows you to get into all
the session and get your swag.
There's web systems that are
also used in Single Sign On.
You'll log into one site,
and then you can access the maps
or the mail and the web search.
And there are many vendors that provide
this kind of federation service.
Kerbero is also a secure system.
It never transports your
passwords over the network.
So you don't need to worry
about exposing the password.
Kerbero is also using symmetric crypto.
So it's using a Kerbero
like triple-des and AS.
It's extensible crypto,
so it will be upgraded to newer versions
of crypto when they're available,
and users don't need to care about this.
There's something will
happen in the background.
Kerbero's, in addition to just provide
the initial step of providing
the identification step,
there's also providing crypto
keys for doing the second step,
the part they actually also care about,
and that's transport security.
You want your data in your protocol,
the part that you are
providing as a developer,
you want the protocol
data also to be secure,
and Kerbero's provide that feature too.
Kerbero has been along for about,
in some way or other, for about 20 years.
So it's been very time tested and been
seeing through a lot of problems already.
So there's not really any problems
going to show up in the next three,
four years just because, well,
we haven't thought about it before.
And this is important because some
time ago they installed these simplex
locks and the little push button lock
that allows you to go in through doors.
And they installed them on
many university campuses
and high schools in the US.
However, there was a flaw in the system.
You couldn't set the key
that you could choose one,
two, three, four as your key,
but you couldn't repeat any numbers.
So you couldn't have one, one, two,
three as a code.
And that changed the
brute force key space.
From about four hours to brute
force a key to about ten minutes.
So they had to change all the keys.
And Kerbero has been
through this already,
so you don't need to worry about it.
So don't do that.
Kerbero is a protocol.
And it's just a description
of a series of exchanges.
But protocols can be very simple.
It can be a type of a knock, knock,
knock, knock, knock, who's there?
Orange.
Orange who?
Orange you glad you bought
your ticket before it sold out?
But it can also be very complicated,
like the whole IETF TCP/IP stack.
And Kerbero is maintained by IETF,
and it's a Kerbero working
group on IETF that maintains it,
and is still continuing today
and improving the document.
And there's many implementations
of the Kerbero protocol,
and MIT Kerbero is one of them,
and we use it in Mac OS X.
And other implementations,
like the Java one, Haymdahl,
there's GNU one,
it's used in Windows Active Directory,
and many others.
So it's important to
have a standard protocol,
because that will allow you to
become vendor independent and
have interoperability between
different implementations.
So why would you like to use Kerbero
in your application or in your system?
Authentication is very easy to get wrong.
It seems very simple.
You tell who you are to the other side,
but as has been shown before,
this is something that
is not very easy to do.
So you should really use something that
people have thought about doing before,
and reuse what other people have done.
Kerbero is also a standardized
protocol with many implementations
and people working with it,
so it's a secure solution.
And this is important for you as a
developer because it allows you to
get an interoperable solution when
you want to talk to other systems.
And you can plug in your applications
into an already existing system.
Kerbero was designed for
a hostile environment.
An environment where people could
insert packets into a network,
and they could listen on any packet,
and Kerbero is secure in this solution.
And this is something
that was designed at MIT.
So you have all these smart students
that are trying to get better grades.
So really, it needs to be secure.
Kerbero also scales to
millions of users and services.
So you won't have the problem
that Kerbero won't scale.
It will scale.
It's been proven before.
Kerbero's never transmits username,
passwords to, between, over the network.
So you as a server,
when you're using Kerbero's,
don't need to care about password.
This is important for you and
the system administrators.
It is also a good thing for the
user because they only need to use,
log in once to the system,
and then they can use all these different
services by just using Kerbero's.
And I said it was important for
you as a developer because now
you don't need to maintain a
username and password database.
And your user will be more happy
because they don't need to have
yet another system where they're
maintaining password information and
get all their users confused because,
well, what password should
I use for this system?
And like, it was, like,
you need to change it every three months,
and, well, you have one password,
one username, and that's it.
I've been talking about all passwords,
but Kerbero support more
than just passwords.
There's also smart card support
or one time token support.
So password is not the only
thing that you can use.
The good thing about Kurobras
is that once upon a time,
DES was really good.
And when 20 years later,
DES is kind of a yoke.
It's not really secure anyway.
And Kurobras adapts to
newer crypto systems.
And you don't need to change your
application to get a new functionality
of Kurobras and newer crypto.
It's just that you update the crypto
library and the Kurobras library,
and you're all set.
There's no code changes and no
recompilation of the server.
your application it just works.
So where is Kerbero
use today in Mac OS X?
Well, many of the application that you
get with Mac OS supports Kerbero.
We have the remote login,
like screen sharing, SSH, Telnet,
but also the file sharing protocol,
the NFS, SMB, and AFB.
They all support Kerbero and use it.
There's also web application.
The web browser all use support Kerbero,
and I'm going to show it in the demo.
And also the mail, mail.app,
and other mail applications
support Kerbero.
But this is just for the Mac.
But how about other operating systems?
Well, we got all the Unix systems,
like the BSC, Solaris, Linux, and AIX,
and of course, Windows Active Directory.
Active Directory is the
big consumer of Kerbero,
and it's actually the main
authentication system used here.
So if you want to interrupt with AD,
well, Kerbero is your only choice.
There's also Novell E Directory,
and Java is using Kerbero as a
support as part of the GAS system.
And of course,
Mac OS X Open Directory is using Kerbero.
So this is nothing new for us.
So now we're going to have some flying
tickets and describe how Kerbero work.
And I'm going to go through the
protocol exchanges a couple of times,
and for each iteration I'm going to get
more and more into detail how it works.
So let's start out with some concepts.
We have a Realm,
and Realm usually looks like a DNS name,
but the spell is used uppercase letters.
And this is by convention,
and you should really try to use
uppercase letters if you want to use
Kerbero because many applications assumes
that the Realm is going to be uppercase,
and uppercase is for you,
and you're going to be very sad
if you use lowercase letters.
There's two different kind
of principles in Kerbero.
There's the users and there's services.
And they could have used the same
name for this users and services,
but the users usually look like,
by convention, an email address with,
of course, the domain part in uppercase.
And the servers look like
service/hostname@Realm.
So this is also by convention,
but you don't really
have a short-term name.
you don't really have any choice,
this is how it works.
There's also a trusted
third party in Kerberoes,
and that's the KDC,
the Key Distribution Center.
And this is the machine that the
users and the server are trusting.
So this is the machine that keeps
track of all the keys in the system and
makes sure that the trust is correct.
I've been talking about flying tickets.
Kerbero, the main data type in Kerbero
is the Kerbero's ticket.
There's a special ticket that's
called a ticket grounding ticket.
This is a ticket that provides
a Single Sign On solution.
It's going to be very
obvious later when this,
what the ticket's, what the ticket is.
It's the yellowish orange
ticket in my older slides.
Users, when they log into Kerbero,
is using password or other system,
other initial authentication system,
but usually passwords.
Servers don't have passwords.
They have key tabs.
Basically,
key tabs are random generated keys stored
on the server in a special key tab file.
So servers do not have passwords.
Right.
So the ticket granting
ticket is just a principle,
like all other tickets.
It's a special format of it.
It's .
So we have a client and a server.
So let's add the rel and the KDC.
And now, when the client wants
to talk to the server,
it starts with getting an
initial ticket from the KDC.
And that's the authentication
service request.
And then it's going to
talk again to the server,
the KDC.
And that's to get a service
ticket for the host.
And that's the second
step of the protocol.
That's called the
ticket granting service.
And last,
it's going to finally talk to the server.
And this is called the
application protocol.
And that's sending over the ticket to the
application and logging into the service.
So we have the client and the KDC,
and we start out doing the
authentication service.
And this is the authentication
and getting your ticket,
granting ticket from the KDC.
The server's not part
of the transaction yet.
So we asked for a
ticket-and-running ticket,
and guest-packed the ticket-and-running
ticket and stored it in the cache.
And then we're going
to do the second step,
the ticket granting service.
This is to get a service ticket
to talk to this specific server.
So for each server,
you get a specific service ticket.
So we take our ticket granting ticket,
send it over to the KDC,
and get back a service ticket.
Now we don't need to talk to the
KDC again when we want to talk
to this service until our tickets
expire and we need to log in again.
So we have a service ticket,
and we're going to send it over to
the KDC in the application protocol.
and it goes over and we can use
our application at the server.
So that's Kerbero.
It's everything that it does.
So let's go over this one more time.
So we started with the AES Exchange,
that's authentication service.
And when you do network
traces and stuff like that,
these names will, the AES and TGS and AP,
they will show up over and over again.
So it's easy to figure out what part
of the protocol that doesn't work,
or what is working and what
you should concentrate your
searching on what the failure is.
Second step was the TGS Exchange.
Third, the Application Exchange.
So let's go through this in more
detail and see what actually is
sent in the tickets when you want
to talk to different services.
When we ask for a ticket
granting ticket as a client,
we send over our
username that we want to,
what service we want to get,
and how long time that we want
the ticket to be valid for.
Maybe we know that we're only going
to use the ticket for five minutes,
and then we're only going to ask
for five minutes because we don't
want the ticket granting ticket
that will give us access to all the
services around for last for 10 hours.
So we only ask for five minutes.
This is a hint to the KDC.
The KDC might return a ticket that
is shorter lived than we ask for.
But usually this is 10
hours for a working day,
unless you're working for the
slide for this presentation,
and then you need to
log in at least twice.
So the KDC sends back this
ticket-granting ticket.
And it's a ticket-granting ticket,
and we store it in the
cache in the client.
So now, the second step of the protocol,
the ticket granting service.
The ticket granting service,
we send over what server
we want to talk to,
and in addition,
we send over the ticket granting ticket.
But you know, you can't just send over
the ticket granting ticket,
because then someone else might
replay this to the KDC and say,
oh, here's some data.
I want to talk to that server,
so give me a service ticket.
So you add an authenticator.
This was made Kerbero's
tickets one time use only.
I'm going to talk about how the
ticket and the authenticator
works fits together later,
so don't worry about that right now.
We send it over to the KDC.
and we'll get back the service ticket
and we'll store it in the local cache.
So now we don't need to
talk for a server KDC again.
So we take our ticket,
and just like the KDC,
we add an authenticator.
And then we send over the
authenticator to our server.
Now the server creates a
beautiful authentication token.
This is to prove the server is
the server we're talking to.
and it sends back to the client
and the client can verify the
mutual authentication service.
So we know that we're
talking to the right server.
And every time we want to redo
this transaction to log into the
server again because we tore down
the network connection of that,
we just take the service ticket,
add the authenticator,
send it over to the server,
and get back to the
mutual authentication.
There's no need to talk to the KDC here.
So we've been talking
about this simple concept.
We have a client and a server,
but we in engineering,
we don't really trust
that marketing guys.
But we want to see the
keynote slides they're doing.
So we want to access the resources,
but we don't want to
have them in our system.
So how do we solve that?
Well, we can add another realm and
then add trust between them.
And this concept is called cross realm.
So you can traverse between two different
realms and use services in other systems.
So I have a ticket here in engineering.
It has already got a ticket,
a grounding ticket.
And now when it wants to talk
to the server at the other end,
we start with adding a
trust between the two KDCs.
And the trust is only for
identifying users and services.
So you can see that
the first server is 10.
And the first KDC is
telling the other KDC,
you know, this user I'm talking about
right now is this identity.
It doesn't tell you what rights you get.
As I said before,
Kerbero is just providing
authentication and not authorization.
So just identity.
So the client takes the
ticket grounding ticket,
sends it over to the KDC,
gets back its special service tickets
that allows it to talk to the other KDCs.
And then the other KDC is sending
the service ticket to the other KDC.
and get back a service ticket.
And the service ticket is for the server,
so now we can just send over the
service ticket to the server and
get access to all the resources.
And we can read the key now.
And of course,
this scales to multiple hierarchies
or non-hierarchical solutions.
So you can add trust between
two KDCs and end out there.
And you can actually jump
between the KDCs and the realms.
So you can go from the
first KDC to the second KDC,
and then go through the third KDC.
So Kerbero can create this complex
solution that will fit your organization.
and I've been talking about this flying
tickets and flying all over the place and
I've been talking about authenticators,
so let's look on how
they actually look like.
The ticket that I'm going to look at
first is a ticket granting ticket.
But it could be any service
ticket that I'm going to show you.
So the name of the service that I'm
using this ticket is for is instantly
in the plain text of the ticket.
And in the bottom of the ticket
is some data that's encrypted
with the server's long-term key.
That's the key inside the key tab.
And with the long-term key,
you can decrypt the data inside it.
And inside the data,
there's a client name,
so the server who know who the client is.
There's also expiration time,
and that's a fixed time in the future,
or hopefully for the user,
so they can access the resources.
There's also session key,
and the session key is shared
between the user and the service.
So you have to remember,
this part of the ticket is
only readable to the server,
so the user can't read this.
So how do the user get
hold of the session key?
In the authentication service reply,
that's the first transaction
you did when you talked to
the server when you logged in.
Then they added some
more data to that ticket.
So you got back in the
user's ticket for use,
and this is ticket,
and so some more data.
And this other encrypted data is
encrypted with the user's password.
And we can decrypt this
and see what's inside it.
And it's pretty much the same
thing as it was inside a ticket.
It was a server that you want to talk to.
and the expiration time,
and the same session key
that's inside the ticket.
So now the server and the
client is sharing the same key.
So let's look on the
service ticket again.
We have this part of the tickets that's
encrypted with the service long-term key.
And we added an authenticator
to make it one-time use only,
so anybody can't steal the
ticket off the network.
So we add on the authenticator,
and inside the authenticator,
the client is putting its name,
and that will match with the thing
that's inside the service ticket,
or the ticket granting
ticket in this case,
and a timestamp that's now.
And it's only valid
for about five minutes,
plus two and a half minutes.
That's what makes Kerbero time sensitive.
The last step is adding a subkey.
The subkey is important because
it allows the protocol for each
authentication you're doing to use a
new key to authenticate through service.
and for each connection
you do to the service,
you get new, fresh keys that are not
using the session key.
So you won't reuse the session key,
and the session key is only used
to protect the Kerberoos exchange.
And we take the session key
and encrypt the authenticator,
and the main data of the ticket is
encrypted with this long-term key.
So now we have a fully
protected ticket-granting
ticket with an authenticator,
and this is what makes Kerbero secure.
So let's demo Kerbero
and see how it works.
The demo please.
So I'm going to show you using a web
browser talking to a Kerbero web server.
When I start my Safari,
I get a question that I want to
authorize against the web server.
So I pull up a terminal.
and kinet as a stem.
And log in as stem.
And then I can check my
credential cache on local machine
to see what tickets I have.
And the first ticket I get
is a ticket granting ticket.
So now I can go back to
my web browser and reload.
And I'm logged in.
and the web server knew who I am.
And when we go back to look at the
credential cache again with K-List,
we can see that I got
HTTP service ticket.
And of course, if I destroy the oldest
tickets with K-Destroy,
So, no ticket.
And going back to the Safari again,
and reloading,
I'm not logging in anymore.
So, let's go back to the presentation.
So I've been talking about this,
about how Kerbero is used in Mac OS X.
It's been in Mac OS X since 10.0.
It's also is the primary authentication
mechanism open directory.
And Kerbero is supported in
many applications in Mac OS X.
For example, the all the file sharing,
printer sharing, screen sharing,
and many of the applications
that you get with Mac OS X.
So let's talk about the new features
that I would introduce with Leopard.
The first is a local KDC.
typical managed environment,
then you have the KDC,
the server and the client.
And in Leopard,
we combine them into one service,
the local KDC.
And all these services are
running on one machine,
because that's usually how it
looks like in your environment.
You have one machine.
In the local KDC,
the realm name is actually lkdc.trial1
and there's a big number of hex digits.
And that's the signature or the checksum
of a certificate that's generated the
first time your machine starts the
KDC and needs to use this service.
But users don't want to
type in this long name,
so the Realm discovery to find out
what Realm the machine is talking
or using is done through Bonjour.
So we have this local KDC.
And to make this simpler,
I'm going to name this KDC to Stamps.
Stamps iMac, because, well,
so we have a name.
And Stamps has a friend, Owl.
And on our computer,
there's some screen sharing
or file serving we want to do.
So, Stan wants to take a random ticket,
he gets a ticket,
he wants a service ticket,
he gets a service ticket,
and he can run the file
sharing on our computer.
So, how do we get this to work?
Well, if he wants to use other services,
he can just get service ticket
for those services the next time.
They don't need to log in again.
So on local KDC,
all Macs today on Leopard
is running a Kerbero KDC if
they're using printer sharing or
screen sharing or file sharing.
And it's used to log in when you're
using local accounts on the machine,
but not when you're using the
equivalent of an open directory or AD.
So in the demo I did just recently,
I was kind of cheating because
this didn't look like that actually
when you tried to use it yourself.
So you had Stam's iMac,
and he tried to use the
service on the other machine,
so I got a ticket running ticket there.
And when he got back the
ticket running ticket,
he got a login window.
And he had to remember the username,
he's on the other machine,
and you know the password there,
I don't know, was something simple.
I think it was like my username.
So it's not really secure,
and it's kind of easy to
brute force these solutions,
and you have to remember passwords
for all different services.
So can we do this better?
Yeah, we could use certificates.
There's no need to remember them.
They're like the data blobs
that you store on your computer,
and there's no simple passwords,
so you don't need to bother about that.
And there's also fewer dialogues,
because, well,
we have this certificate that you
can pull up from the keychain,
and you just use it.
So the user don't need to worry
about all the Android passwords
and stuff like that.
But there are some problems with it.
They are difficult to manage.
You need to be a computer
expert to create certificates.
Well, at least create them correctly.
And also, you need to distribute your
certificates between all the
computers and stuff like that.
So we want to make this
a little bit simpler.
So we can do that by adding the
.Mac into the whole equation.
So with .Mac,
we can make this solution really simple.
So, in this example,
we have joined both Stam and
IELTS Computer to the .Mac service.
So, that's basically all the things that
we need to do from the beginning.
And now, we just created a sharing-only
account for Stam on IELTS Computer.
And we do that by going into the
Preference Panel and adding Stam's name,
adding a sharing-only
account for Stam first.
And then we add Stam's .Mac account,
and that's Stamerson, we enter it here.
And what that does in the background is,
first, when Stam joined his
computer to the .Mac,
he actually downloaded a certificate
and a private key into his machine.
And then, when we created
IELTS Computer on IELTS iMac,
we downloaded a certificate from the
.Mac and installed it on IELTS iMac.
And these certificates are automatically
updated whenever they change on the .Mac.
Mac service,
so we don't need to worry about that.
So we got the creation and the
distribution problem solved.
And now,
We don't need to use .Mac anymore,
so you can use it on your
private network over a FireWire
cable and access resources.
So when asking for a
ticket granting ticket,
we encrypt the reply
using the certificate,
and then we can get the
service ticket as usual,
and just get service ticket
and get to our file sharing.
So let's demo this.
10 more, please.
On both of the demo,
one of the demo machines I'm
working is now a Stams computer,
and I want to access
resources on iOS computer.
So I open the finder,
and I can find iOS iMac here.
And as you can see,
I'm logged in as Stamerson at .Mac.
And if I go to my terminal,
in the background,
it actually got and fetched me a ticket,
running ticket for this Stam,
and that's the hash of Stam's,
certificate in the Darknet service
on this other weird Realm name,
and that's actually
Realm name of iOS iMac.
And we've got a ticket running ticket,
and it's also probed the
AFP server to see what resources
we have on that machine.
So let's see if we can do screen sharing.
We got the machine already there.
And we have nice family
photos on our computer.
And we can access the
resources that we want.
And when we go back to
the credential list,
We see that we have a VNC ticket
that we use for screen sharing.
So let's get back to the presentation.
So now, how can you use Kerbero
in your presentation?
Oh, sorry, in your application.
Kerbero is supported
for managed environment.
It's not using the .Mac service.
And using Kerbero in your
application is usually using GSS API.
And GSS API is both an
abstraction of protocol,
a protocol itself,
and a program interface.
So it's many things at the same name.
And the GSS API is maintained by the
IETF in the Kitten working groups.
YesSCPI, as the name says,
is a generic interface,
so it supports more than just Kerbero,
it's supporting Spnego,
and that's for negotiating
different mechanisms,
but also NTLM for legacy applications.
As an application writer,
you want to use Kerbero when you
want to leverage existing Kerbero
infrastructure that exists already today.
And this enables you to not need
to maintain password or user
information for specific for
these users in your application.
and it's also when you want to
use cross-trail support between
different environments like your
AD systems or your and your Macs.
Also, you want to use Kerbero as
an ESS API when you have
standard protocols like IMAP or
SMTP submit or something like that,
that requires use of Kerbero,
so you don't really have a choice.
Just as API is a somewhat
complicated protocol,
but it can be easily broken
down into some key concepts.
So first we have the initiator,
and that's the client.
That's the machine that
sends the first packet.
And it sends it over to the acceptor.
That's the server, usually.
It could actually be the opposite,
but it doesn't matter.
The server can be the initiator,
but in the common case,
the client is the initiator.
And together, the client and the server
build a security context.
and the security context,
the building of it,
is actually the login into this service.
And when you've logged into the service,
then you can use the
per message services.
The per message services are encryption
and integrity controls of messages.
And to build these security
contexts and application contexts,
you pass around tokens between
the two different parties,
the initiator and the acceptor.
And the tokens are of course called
the context tokens for the context
building and the per message
tokens for the message building.
So we have the initiator
and the acceptor.
And the first thing that the initiator
does is call it in its context.
And it passes in the service
name you want to talk to.
And in the background,
the library goes and talks to the
KDC and gets the ticket-crowding ticket.
So this is nothing your
application need to care about.
However, the user needs to be logged
into the system already,
so they already have a
ticket re-inning ticket.
And this is nothing that
just as API solves for you,
but rather some other support libraries.
And then it creates a token and
sends it over to the server,
and that's an AP exchange,
application protocol exchange.
And the server reads in the
token using accept-tag context.
And usually there's only one round trip.
The packet goes from
the client over through